Law 1. Never outshine the master - hide the extent of your own talents
Law 2. Never put too much trust in friends, learn how to use enemies
Law 3. Conceal your intentions - always keep your intentions obscured
Law 4. Always say less than necessary - silence is power
Law 5. So much depends on reputation – guard it with your life
Law 6. Court attention at all costs - everything is judged by appearance
Law 7. Get others to do the work for you, but always take the credit
Law 8. Make other people come to you – use bait if necessary
Law 9. Win through your actions, never through argument
Law 10. Infection: avoid the unhappy and the unlucky
Law 11. To maintain independence, learn to keep people dependent on you
Law 12. Use selective honesty and generosity to disarm your victim
Law 13. When asking for help, appeal to the self-interests of others
Law 14. Pose as a friend, work as a spy - knowledge is essential
Law 15. Crush your enemy totally, if not they might seek revenge
Law 16. Use absence to increase respect and honour - create an air of scarcity
Law 17. Keep others in suspended terror: cultivate an air of unpredictability
Law 18. Do not build fortresses to protect yourself – isolation is dangerous
Law 19. Know who you’re dealing with – don’t offend the wrong person
Law 20. Don’t commit to anyone - maintain independence at all costs
Law 21. Play a sucker to catch a sucker – appear dumber than your mark
Law 22. Use the surrender tactic: transform weakness into power
Law 23. Concentrate your forces - power exists in concentrated form
Law 24. Play the perfect courtier - master your emotion
Law 25. Recreate yourself - remake yourself into a figure of power
Law 26. Keep your hands clean - you must maintain a spotless appearance
Law 27. Create a cult-like following by playing on people’s need to believe
Law 28. Enter action with boldness - everyone admires the bold
Law 29. Plan all the way to the end - always plan until the end
Law 30. Make your accomplishments seem effortless - make success seem easy
Law 31. Control the options: get others to play with the cards you deal
Law 32. Play into people’s fantasies - the truth is often ugly
Law 33. Discover each man’s thumbscrew - find your opponent’s weakness
Law 34. Be royal in your own fashion: act like a king to be treated like one
Law 35. Master the art of timing - patience is a virtue
Law 36. Disdain things you cannot have: ignoring them is the best revenge
Law 37. Create compelling spectacles - heighten your presence and your power
Law 38. Think as you like, but behave like others - hide your true feelings
Law 39. Stir up waters to catch fish - stay calm while infuriating your opponents
Law 40. Despise the free lunch - anything of worth is worth paying for
Law 41. Avoid stepping into a great man’s shoes - don’t get lost in the shadows
Law 42. Strike the shepherd, and the sheep will scatter - isolate power
Law 43. Work on the hearts and minds of others - understand their weaknesses
Law 44. Disarm and infuriate with the mirror effect - mirror your opponents
Law 45. Preach the need for change, but never reform too much at once
Law 46. Never appear too perfect - appearing superior to others is dangerous
Law 47. Don’t go past the mark you aimed for: in victory, learn when to stop
Law 48. Assume formlessness - accept that everything, everywhere changes



